Subject: ASF Board Report for [project] - Repeated Reminder for [month] [year]

Dear [project] community,

In the governance model at the ASF the board delegates responsibility for
managing projects to PMCs. To enable to board to provide oversight across the
foundation, the PMCs are tasked with providing the board with a quarterly
report on the health of the project. The board has noticed that the reports
for [project] have been missed for a number of months.

The reports to the board are normally written by the PMC chair but all PMC
members have an individual responsibility to ensure that a report is
submitted. If the PMC chair is not available then any PMC member can submit
the report. If you need help with this process, please reach out to
board@apache.org

Please ensure that a report for [project] is submitted to the board for the
next meeting.

If the PMC chair is not going to be available for an extended period of time
it may make sense to rotate the PMC chair. Rotating the PMC chair does not
mean the current chair has failed. People's situations and interests change,
and rotation is good as it allows more people to become familiar with that
role. Again, if assistance is required with this process, please feel free to
reach out to board@apache.org

As projects mature, they will naturally reach a point where activity reduces
to a level that the project is no longer sustainable. At Apache, projects
reach this stage when there are no longer 3 active PMC members providing
oversight. Projects that reach this stage are placed in the attic[1].  If
[project] has reached this point, please reach out to the Attic project to
arrange transfer. On the other hand, if your project is mostly dormant but
still has at least three active PMC members it can stay in that state for as
long as needed. If your project is in such a state, please mention that in
your report and verify the PMC's state at regular intervals.

Finally, if you have any questions please feel free to reach out to
board@apache.org.

Thanks,
The ASF Board

[1] (http://attic.apache.org/
