---
Call to order: '10:34'
Roll Call: ! "Directors Present:\n\n    Rich Bowen joined at 11:02\n    Doug Cutting\n
  \   Bertrand Delacretaz\n    Ross Gardler\n    Jim Jagielski\n    Brett Porter\n
  \   Sam Ruby\n\nDirectors Absent:\n\n    Greg Stein\n    Chris Mattmann\n\nExecutive
  Officers Present:\n\n    Craig L Russell\n\nExecutive Officers Absent:\n\n    none\n\nGuests:\n\n
  \   Sean Kelly\n    Daniel Gruno\n    Kevin A. McGrail\n    Jake Farrell\n    Shane
  Curcuru\n    Andrea Pescetti\n    Chip Childers\n    Marvin Humphrey\n    Hadrian
  Zbarcea\n    Henri Yandell\n    David Nalley\n    Tom Pappas (Virtual)\n    Mark
  Radcliffe joined at 10:55"
January 21, 2015: tabled
Treasurer: ! 'Jim: Will the audit be able to start soon?

  Tom: Can''t start the audit until books are closed; looks like mid summer for the
  audit.'
Executive Vice President: Rich needs help with ApacheCon planning; Sam volunteered
  to help.
Vice Chairman: The goal for resolution of the contractor issue is to have a recommendation
  for the incoming board.
Discussion Items: ! "Mark: Trademarks are a valuable asset for ASF. Trademark rules
  vary \nby country. Virtually all countries protect rights only through registration.
  \nMany unsavory people register other peoples' trademarks as a\nbusiness. Risks
  are most often on ASF users, not ASF per se. \nAs a practical matter, projects need
  to select brands that are available. \nOpen source has \"won the war\" and is now
  ubiquitous. Now there are \nlawsuits based on GPL interpretation by people who are
  just trying to \nmake money from the legal process, not community policing as we
  \nhave seen in the past. \n\nJim: Need to balance the cost versus benefit of registration.\n\nShane:
  Looks like the \"sweet spot\" of registration is somewhat more \nthan we are doing
  now. But consider that a third party has registered \nour Hadoop trademark in China.
  This will not hurt Apache but may \nvery well hurt our downstream users. And eventually
  this may hurt Apache \nif projects lose support from these users.\n\nJim: Once a
  trademark is registered, are we then required to police it?\n\nMark: ASF is required
  to police brands regardless of registration (or not).\nIf ASF doesn't have the money,
  users may well contribute to registration costs. \n\nRoss: Users are represented
  by PMCs. We need to make sure that \nPMCs step up, with foundation support."
BookKeeper: ''
Creadur: ! '@Jim: Clarify report'
DeltaSpike: ! '@Bertrand: Ask if the git CMS work could be documented for others to
  use'
Drill: ! '@Brett: Are hangouts documents so non-attendees can participate later?'
HttpComponents: ! '@Chris: pursue a report for HttpComponents'
jUDDI: ! '@Brett: pursue a report for jUDDI'
Logging: ! '@Brett: Any action on log4j?'
ManifoldCF: ! '@Doug: Is there still an issue with infra?'
Perl: ! '@Sam: Is anyone on the PMC looking at the reminders?'
SIS: ! '@Brett: What is the issue with infra?'
Change Geronimo Chair: unanimous
Change ServiceMix Chair: unanimous
Change Directory Chair: unanimous
Change OODT Chair: unanimous
Change OpenOffice Chair: unanimous
Change MINA Chair: unanimous
Announcements: ! "Jim: The corporate sponsor of Groovy have dropped support, so \nthe
  Groovy project might be interested in moving to Apache."
